now here's something else that would be
picture-perfect we're talking about a
ballet show that's just for preschoolers
now teachers and parents don't have to
worry about their kids getting restless
because that's all part of the show oh
you mean satin or one performance to
find out more it's a theater performance
with a difference here the audience is
aged 3 to 7 and instead of staying in
their seats everyone joins in a show is
a project between the Singapore dance
theater and speech and drama company
acts of life combining workshops of an
actual performance now one way of
teaching the children the different
ballet moves is to associate them with
colors so kids can you show me what
you've learned okay white yellow purple
orange brown the hour-long show has
plenty to keep the audience entertained
the kids will be kids they get fidgety
at times but important less important
thing is some nobody go back you spend
some time to run go through the show
them and that's where they learn you
don't you don't expect them to pick up
everything during the show educational
shows for preschoolers are common in the
US but in Singapore organizers say the
concept is first of its kind
and the safe its judging from the
response my mission was to also showed
boys do ballet and the boys are proud
the original response was the typical oh
it's for girl and I think that that
lesson that both boys and girls do
ballet is really laying the seeds for a
very cultured open art ready future of
Singaporeans to get more use in touch of
contemporary ballet a Singapore Dance
Theatre has programmed for students to
go behind the scenes when we have this
open door experiences for audiences to
come to SDT to watch our dancers
rehearse for it is one way for them to
understand that while contemporary
ballet may not have a story line but the
technicality of it and the whole effort
that is put into producing a
contemporary dance show it's it's so
intense that they will begin to
understand and appreciate it better and
seeing more students taking an interest
to this outreach programs expected to
attract twenty thousand participants
this year up from 12,000 in 2006